	Nowadays, as more importance is attached to high school education, one of the most frequently discussed topics is what is the most important ability for a high school teacher. Some claim that it's the ability to give advice about students' future, while others suggest the ability to encourage students to learn outside the classroom plays an important role. However, in my opinion, the most essential characteristic for a high school teacher is the ability to recognize students that need help.
	Firstly, a teacher who's able to notice students in need can better help them improve their grade. Sometimes, we are heading for a wrong direction during the study process, not aware of we're actually having some problems with our study methods. If a teacher is able to notice our needs, it would take us much less time to get to the right way. When I was in high school, I did a bad job with my physics at first. I tried hundreds of thousands of times to get an accurate analysis of mechanics problems, but always forgot some details. Luckily, my Physics teacher noticed my problem through my homework and reached out her hands. She reminded me that I shouldn't focus on only one object, but I have to take the whole system as a whole. After that, I could deal with such problems much better.
	On the other hand, a teacher like this also largely prevents students from mental problems. If a teacher is able to realize students' mental problems in time, these problems would not develop into larger ones. For example, once in my junior school, one of my classmates suffered from harsh pressure coming from both family and school. My teacher soon found she was not right and then talked to her many times. According to herself, she would collapse and even go insane then without my teacher's immediate help and reassurance. 
	Although it's also important for a teacher to encourage his students to learn outside the classroom, the work could also be better done by their parents, who are more familiar with the students. The ability to plan for students' future definitely helps them for a while, but the students have to arrange their own life sooner or later. It would be a good practice if students manage their life on their own. Also, their parents can help them. 
	In conclusion, a good teacher has to gain the ability to recognize students in need, not only for the study issue, but also for students' mental health. 