	Nowadays, we have to comfront plenty of problems in our daily life and we need some help from others. Some of the people are prone to get advice from people of their ages. However, I prefer to ask older people for help, not only because old people are more skilled at social communication, but also for their abundant working experience. 
	Firstly, older people can deal with the social problems better. They have been dealing with various people for longer time and know better what to do under the certain circumstance. For example, when I didn't know how to reassure my girlfriend, my classmates and friends gave me some suggestions, but were mostly useless. As the situation getting worse, I turned to my mother for some help and she gave me a lot of useful instructions. It seems that older people are much more experienced than peers when it comes to social problems. 
	Secondly, older people are more likely to provide you with better advice in the company. With decades of working experience, they are good at balancing the job and the spare time, as well as getting along with colleagues. My cousin graduated from the university a year ago. When he first enter the company, he felt tired and unhappy for all the deadlines from his leader and the quarrels with his colleagues. Then my father talked to him and encouraged him to separate his own life from boring work. After that, he felt refreshed and did a good job in the company. 
	Honestly speaking, peers do get a better access to the latest information and the newly developed technology, the information you obtain from them are not necessarily precise because of the competition. To get the limited resource, your peers may hold back some key points which are important to your future plan. But since you are not in competition with older people, they are more possibly to tell you the truth
	All in all, although asking people with the same age may get one some latest news, asking for older people's help is still a better choice. After all, older people would be glad to give you their sincere advice, especially with social issues and working problems