	Nowadays, with the improvement of the educational system, childhood education is gradually becoming a public concern. When it comes to financial education, different opinions come into sight. Someone believe that children should learn to manage their own money at a young age. However, I really doubt it, for it's not only an undesirable proposal to take up children's time, but also a suggestion nearly impossible to realize.
	Firstly, learning how to manage their own money, children's time is unneccesarily occupied. If they start to learn how to manage their own money, they have to pay a lot of attention to their income and expense and spend much time, which could be originally spent doing much more meaningful things, such as picking up a hobby, doing further study etc. Doing those things can help children find their interests, while learning money managing skills only gets them bored and is not so useful, at least in a short time. 
	Secondly, it is likely to be a tough problem for young children to manage their money. As we all know, young children are in a period when their brains and minds are just begin to develop. Thus, it's hard for them to control themselves well due to the physical reason. Unfortunately, It's exactly self-control ability, which young children actually lack, that money managing requires. You have to make a reasonable plan to adjust your way of spending money, which means you can't buy whatever you like, but buy something you really need. Also, you have to list your bills in order to know where your money goes. Any of these is quite impossible for a young child.
	Although learning to manage one's money is a neccesary skill for an adult and it's a lesson everyone has to learn sooner or later, it may also bring some detrimental results when it's mentioned too early. For example, if children are not properly guided, they may value the importance of money excessively, leading to their carelessness about a lot of other precious things which are actually not able to obtain via financial methods. 
	Generally speaking, money managing skill is of great importance for adults, but is not neccesary to be learned at such a young age because it's time-consuming and hard to realize. It's much better for you to learn it later when you really have to deal with all your money on your own. 